hi story Infante your Vegas morning
blend resident chef and today I'm going
to be making Chinese spring rolls
today's ingredients are ground chicken
wood ear mushrooms which are also known
as black fungus I have fresh taro and
carrots sugar fish sauce garlic green
onions salt and pepper of course the
spring roll wrappers and some cornstarch
and water hi today I'm going to be
making Chinese spring rolls and now it's
different from Vietnamese spring rolls
spring rolls in Chinese in the Chinese
culture typically means egg rolls at
least that's how I grew up knowing it is
so today I'm actually making my auntie
Mary's chicken spring rolls and these
are amazing i love them okay now I've
got the spring roll wrappers and you're
going to get the 10 inch ones and you're
actually gonna cut them into fours okay
so it was a big sheet and I've cut them
into four so there's smaller squares ok
I'm going to set that aside now when
you're actually going to be starting
this there's something called wood ear
mushrooms if you take a look that looks
kind of like an ear right kind of trippy
it's also known as black fungus now it
comes dry just like this and what you're
going to do is wash it in cold water and
then afterward you're going to put hot
boiling water on it and you're going to
let it soak in a reconstitute and one
little mushroom like this will become
one giant one like this okay so just
follow the directions on the back of the
bag alright let's put that aside now if
you've never seen taro this is a big
taro root and sometimes they have taro
chips which is really really good you
cut this nice and thin but this actually
has like a brown skin on the outside and
I went ahead and cut it off and I just
chopped it up okay and made it into
little cubes but this is great you can
find this in the Asian markets okay all
you have to do is stick all of this
inside of a preprocessor this will save
you a lot of time on chopping because
sometimes when you make egg
and stuff like that it actually takes a
long time to chop everything up so we're
just going to put all this in I did
about three quarters of a cup of taro
and one large carrot which is almost the
whole cup okay all right i'm going to
add that in and you're going to add the
wood ear mushrooms and i'm doing about
three or four wood ear mushrooms i mean
if it's a small piece add another one
okay and i'm also going to be putting in
the two cloves of garlic just smash that
in now i'm going to go ahead and just
appear right
oh this smells so wonderful and if you
see like maybe like one or two pieces of
large carrot just take them out you can
throw them out all right so I'm gonna
set that aside take this off if i can
get it off there we go all right put
this over here now I've got my ground
chicken already okay we're gonna go
ahead and just add it right in and it's
nice to see how fast that when you use a
little of processor it's so much quicker
just get rid of that now this just makes
a lot easier now the ground chicken you
can either brine it yourself you can
have your butcher do it or a lot of the
Chinese markets also have ground chicken
okay all right put that in I have about
1 tablespoon in 1 teaspoon of fish sauce
I also have one tablespoon and 1
teaspoon of sugar that kind of balances
it out okay stir that around I'm also
going to add a little bit of salt and
pepper to that so this is going to be
about a teaspoon of salt and probably
like a quarter teaspoon of black pepper
like using my hands for everything all
right you're gonna get it all mixed up
now i'm also going to add some green
onions to it about four stocks i'm going
to mince it up really small put that
right in this looks beautiful just get
it all mixed up and if you see any large
chunks like that just pull it right out
all right all right so you're going to
get you're going to get your little
wrapper and you're going to make sure
that it's like a diamond okay like it's
facing you like a diamond so the corner
so you're going to do about probably
less than a teaspoon of filling inside
okay and you're going to kind of like
it's going to stretch out so as you're
pushing it you don't want to be like fat
you want to be longer okay so it will
elongate itself and if you feel like you
need a little more thoughts fine put a
little bit more now I made a corn starch
like a little slurry nice and thin
so it's actually become a paste okay so
I'm just putting some on the edges and
this is something that you're going to
be using your fingers a lot so don't
don't be afraid of it okay and the
cornstarch is really just going to help
it be like kind of like a glue okay and
i love these to be tiny little cocktail
cocktail um egg rolls and I'm also
putting some right on the corners on the
edging so when you fold it up it'll
stick okay I know the little edges are
sticking out all right auntie Mary I
hope I made you proud now after you've
made about maybe 60 or 70 of those I
know it sounds like a lot but these are
a labor of love I actually have a bunch
already that I froze and I made ahead of
time and we're just going to deep fry
some okay get some of this out of the
way all right so I got some frozen ones
I'm just going to put them right in and
again you're going to have your your oil
at about 350 and remember that trick
you're going to use the tip of your
chopstick and going to stick in the oil
and when it's all bubbly you know it's
ready to go all right oh look at how
fast that is already have some ready for
you guys and I'm serving it with little
sweet chili dipping sauce these are
delicious and these are going to be the
hit of every single party that you throw
with these delicious Chinese spring
rolls this is dorian Fong your Las Vegas
morning blend resident chef with these
delicious Chinese tricky and spring
rolls enjoy